IDE search options (#8497)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## January 2026

> - **Enhancement:** The [Studio IDE](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/ide-user-interface#search-your-project) now includes search and replace functionality and a command palette, enabling you to quickly find and replace text across your project, navigate files, jump to symbols, and run IDE configuration commands.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement:** The [Studio IDE](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/ide-user-interface#search-your-project) now includes search and replace functionality and a command palette, enabling you to quickly find and replace text across your project, navigate files, jump to symbols, and run IDE configuration commands. This feature is being rolled out in phases and will become available to all <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> accounts over the coming weeks. 
```

> - **Enhancement:** The [Studio IDE](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/ide-user-interface#search-your-project) now includes search and replace functionality and a command palette, enabling you to quickly find and replace text across your project, navigate files, jump to symbols, and run IDE configuration commands. This feature is being rolled out in phases and will become available to all <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> accounts over the coming weeks. 

Author: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement:** The [Studio IDE](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/ide-user-interface#search-your-project) now includes search and replace functionality and a command palette, enabling you to quickly find and replace text across your project, navigate files, jump to symbols, and run IDE configuration commands. This feature is being rolled out in phases and will become available to all <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> accounts by mid-February. 
```
